So, we are moving on to Chapter 3,
and in Chapter 3,
you are going to put
together a grid layout.
I want you to make a little Mars collage.
So, here we are with all of
the pictures from Mars, all right?
And good, you're gonna set the width
of the collage to 980 pixels,
we're not gonna make this responsive yet,
we're just gonna make it fixed width.
And as it says here,
center the collage if there's room, so
center the whole thing on
the page if there's room.
And if there's not, that's fine,
don't reorder the images from
the order that I give you in the HTML.
You may need to make some changes
to the HTML to make it work,
like adding classes and such,
or adding other elements,
but you do not need to
reorder the images themselves
in order to make this happen, okay?
All right everybody, how did you
do with that particular challenge?
Hopefully it worked out for you, okay?
Hopefully you've got a screen
that looks kind of like this,
you've got the Martian
landscape here on the top,
we've got some close-up of some rocks over
here with the planet, and then down on
the bottom, we have one of those giant
craters there on the Martian surface.
So the way that I have
set up my HTML here is
I put a div around all of these images.
Remember, you've got to have parents and
children in order for grid to work.
So that's the first thing
that you have to add,
I've added my grid container that goes
all the way around all of those images.
The second thing that I did was I gave
all of my images a class just for fun.
You could definitely use nth child in
order to select all these images if
you wanted.
But just to keep things a little simpler,
I gave these classes of the exciting
names 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, as one does.
Then in my CSS,
I have here a grid container where
I displayed grid, and
I set up uneven columns.
I have a 2FR and a 1FR,
cuz Mars is bigger than the other two
little images that are over there.
If you had different numbers,
you said 3FR, 1FR, totally cool,
cuz I didn't tell you what
the proportion should be.
I set a width on that container to 980,
that gives us a fixed width here,
and then if you centered it, you could
center that just using margin zero auto.
What do those two numbers mean again for
margin when it has two numbers like this?
What does the first number mean?
>> Top-
>> Top and bottom,
what does the second number mean?
>> Left and right.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, and
what is auto mean when it comes to margin?
>> Center?
>> Yes, to center it.
So basically to take any extra space,
whatever extra space there is divided in
half and stick it on the left in
the right, that's what auto does.
Okay, and
effectively it centers it in space.
Then we just have a whole series once
you've actually set up your grid,
a whole series of numbers here
talking about what images are spanning
which columns and which rows here
in space for 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.